S estar
Hidello
Thanks for dinner
Who is the udon shop?
What are you talking about?
Isn't the udon shop yours?
Yes, which one is the one you called?
You're the one who called.
No.
No? Then try it out.
I'm a friend of the shopkeeper.
You liar.
You've been doing this for a long time.
You're a fool.
You should have seen the sales.
You should have done it when you were in the sashimi shop.
You're a liar.
You're going to be in trouble if you don't do it.
I'll do it.
It's a good one.
Excuse me.
I'm the udon shop's shopkeeper.
I was a young man, and I was called Kiyudon.
You were a young man, and you were a young man.
I was a young man, and you were a young man.
I'm sorry.
Are you busy?
I'm busy with the cake.
Don't talk about human beings.
If you're busy with the cake,
you should eat udon.
It's not good for you, and you'll get hungry.
You'll get warm and rest, and you'll get hungry.
You should be patient.
I see.
Udon, I'm sorry, but give me some water.
Is it a water bottle?
Yes, it is.
It's a water bottle.
You're a bad person.
If I give you water, you should drink it.
I'm not saying that.
If you're a girl, you can drink it.
But look at you.
You're drinking it like a wasabi.
You're not saying that.
The car in the yard goes to the water.
It's like a song.
Mr. Oshido, here it is.
It's delicious.
I can't help it.
It's a good drink.
I'll give you some water.
It's okay.
It's free.
It's not free.
Water?
You can use it in Tokyo.
If you can drink it, it'll be a water bottle.
I don't understand.
If it's free, give me another bottle.